Add upgrade notes for clients (#550)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/uc-doc/upgrade/upgrade_notes.md

title: Upgrade notes
---

## 23.01 {#23-01}

> - All wazo clients are now only built in Python 3. So, if it gets uninstalled you might need to
>   install it again with the suffix `-python3`.

Reviewer: Let you reword, but here's the idea
```suggestion
- All wazo clients are now only compatible and built in Python 3. So, if you custom python script in python2, you must convert it to python3. Debian packaging can be installed with the suffix `-python3`
```
